hi welcome to Michele cooking show
tonight
I will show you how to make Vietnamese
first Spring Grove come in close I will
show you a recipe you need to power of
pork loin one part of shrimp one patch
of rice paper one pack of rice noodle
and some veggie letters mint cilantro
minced brown cucumber and Charles you
need a cup of water no spoilers trim put
on the high heat and wait until the
water boil for the mid you use the same
amount of the water and add one
tablespoon salt it and turn on a high
heat until the water boil now you see
the water boil to put this prim
and cook about five to ten minutes
lived temperature high it should look
something like this
okay now you turn off the stove and down
the street in a basket okay when the
water boil and with the lid
and closes the lid and cook about 30 to
40 minutes or the right stick no dough
just use the same amount of water and
get messy the water flow after cooking
20 minutes and you turn the myth over
and cooking another 20 minutes when the
water boil and you put the right stick
noodle ill and for know with a high
pitched direction in the package and
after it and the cut of this and put on
the dish
now you cut the MIT let this half way
first and tell them it over and slide to
the tinge light make sure but it did
like this way now the stream you have to
fill up the skin
after you peel up the skin and you cut
the trim in half
now time to roll okay like this a rice
paper remember use a warm water and get
the right paper like this a grab a rice
paper and put under cut work and keep it
a little bit letters and about three to
four lip of means a little bit cilantro
about a little bit Billings Brown and
one piece of cucumber and about a little
bit of rice noodle and two bits of meat
and trade off for this trip depend how
much you like and show you how to roll
put a Cypress left side in right side in
and end you poke it up and put James in
the middle and paper roll it up
and how is to look like
now we try the food or peanut sauce
click here
thank you for watching the show hope you
enjoy the recipe and remember to
subscribe like and comment on the video
bye bye